## What will you build

A phoenix api app, with a single endpoint.  This app will return, at max 2 (it can return less), users with more than a random number of points. Weird uh? We know.

## Requirements

Follow these requirements :

- A good README
- Use postgres
- `mix ecto.setup` will create a `Users` table with 4 columns, id, points and the usual 2 timestamps.
    - `id` is autogenerated so no worries
    - `points` an integer that accepts any number between 0 and 100
    - `timestamps` autogenerated by ecto
    - This should generate 1,000,000 user seeds, each with 0 points.
- The app should start when you run without warnings (warnings in dependencies are okay) or errors using: `mix phx.server`
- When the app starts, a `genserver` should be launched which will:
    - Have 2 elements as state:
        - A random number (let's call it the `min_number`), [0 - 100]
        - A timestamp (which indicates the last time someone queried the genserver, defaults to `nil` for the first query)
    - Run every minute and when it runs:
        - Should update every user's points in the database (using a random number generator [0-100] for each)
        - Refresh the `min_number` of the genserver state with a new random number
    - Should accept a `handle_call` that:
        - Queries the database for all users with more points than `min_number` but only retrieve a max of 2 users.
        - Updates the genserver state `timestamp` with the current timestamp
        - Returns the users just retrieved from the database, as well as the timestamp of the **previous `handle_call`**
        
- Build a single endpoint, root `/`:
    - This can be handled by an action which will call the previously mentioned `genserver` and return the result.
    

Something like:

`GET localhost:4000/`

```json
{
  "users": [{"id": 1, "points": 30}, {"id": 72, "points": 30}],
  "timestamp": "2020-07-30 17:09:33Z"
}
```


